# Heal Vana Mobile Application

HealVana features a daily tracker of your physical, emotional and social status. It also serves as a tool for tele medication, wherein the app connects the user to a medical practitioner which can help with their queries. Users have the chance to converse with the doctor the app connected them with and have an online consultation. Other than that, this app can also be used to arrange face to face consultation and appointments should there be a need for it.

The app will have a free and a premium account mechanic for access of features. For free users, the initial daily health tracker, statistics, and tele med features is available for them to use. For premium accounts, the house call feature is exclusive to them. This feature allows the user to call the doctor they connected with for a house call if ever the idea of face to face appointment is impossible for them. Premium users also can enjoy a 5% discount for consultation fees. The application will also include a Recommended feature where the app will give recommendations (could be about diet or exercise, etc) regarding the user’s health data.

The app will also have a daily news section wherein it updates the user about health-related news that’s happening around the world. It will also be available for both iOS and Android, maximizing its usability to different users. The app is technically free to download and use, but as mentioned before, the premium subscription grants additional features, and it only costs P100 per month.
